--- the family doctor ---
1. do This notice
2. act as the second intaker
3. is also determined whether the medical file of the patient is required For each new assignment
4. add This information to the assignment list
5. the secretarial office store
6. pass the produced registration cards to the first and second intaker


--- The secretarial worker ---
1. inquire after the name
2. put the doctor On the basis to the nursing officer


--- The nursing officer ---
1. make a full inquiry
2. record This information on a registration form
3. hand this form At the end at the secretarial office
4. store the information in the information system
5. print
6. create a patient file For new patients
7. store The registration form in the patient file
8. keep Patient files at the secretarial office
9. leave the building
10. produce two registration cards At the secretarial office for the future first and second intaker


--- The registration card ---
1. contain a set
2. add The new patient on the list


--- a staff meeting ---
1. take place at Wednesday


--- The medical team ---
1. consist of social-medical workers


--- the team-leader ---
1. assign all new patients At this meeting on the list to members
2. assign Each patient to a social-medical worker
3. take requesting into account
4. record The assignments on an assignment list


--- An intaker ---
1. keep this registration with him at times
2. plan a meeting
3. examine the patient During the first meeting
4. use a standard checklist which is filled out
5. register Additional observations in a personal notebook
6. put a copy After a visit in the file
7. add The standard checklist to the patient's file
8. plan the first meeting
9. formulate a treatment plan


--- the secretarial office ---
1. is at the office at the office
2. prepare For each patient
3. send a letter to the family doctor
4. request for for a copy
5. inform the second intaker
6. add the copy to the patient file
7. put the patient on the list
8. provide the team-leader For the staff meeting


--- Physicians ---
1. use dictaphones to record their observations made during meetings with patients
2. the secretarial office type out these tapes


--- This treatment plan ---
1. end the intake procedure


