--- a switch-over request ---
1. initiate The process
2. put the question


--- the customer ---
1. transmit the company to the customer service department
2. is a shared service center between the departments Sales and Distribution
3. receive The customer data
4. base on this data
5. enter a customer data object into the CRM system
6. Event: customer data has been entered
7. compare customer data with the internal customer data base
8. check for completeness
9. correct these on the basis
10. do The comparison
11. prevent individual customer data being stored multiple times
If the customer does not exist in the customer data base
	12a) create a new customer object
13. have the chance to check the contract details and based on this check may decide to either withdraw from the switch contract or confirm it
14a) end Depending acceptance/rejection if withdrawal
14b) continue if a confirmation


--- This object ---
1. consist of data elements
2. use , in combination with other customer data to prepare the contract documents for the power supplier switch ( including data such as bank connection , information on the selected rate , requested date of switch-over ) in combination
3. carry an automated check In following within the CIS (customer information system in order
4a) are not (
4b) analyze the causing issues
5. generate the contract documents
6. send a confirmation document to the customer
7. state that the switch-over to the new supplier can be executed


--- the CIS ---
1. send A request


--- the grid operator ---
1. check The switch-over request
2. transmit a response comment
3. inform all involved suppliers
4. demand the resolution
5. communicate with the old supplier
6. carry the termination
7. have to interact with the old supplier regarding termination )
If there are not any objections by the grid operator
	8a) create a CIS contract
9. transmit the power meter data On the switch-date to the customer service via messages
10. compute the final billing At the same time
11. send it to the old supplier


--- An additional constraint ---
1. is that the customer can only withdraw from the offered contract within 7 days after the 7th day the contract will be regarded as accepted and the process continues
2a) is therefore not absolutely necessary ( as it will count as accepted after 7 days in any way )
2b) speed the switch process


--- the old supplier ---
1. create
2. send the final billing to the customer
3. for the customer
4. after


--- The process ---
1. end


