--- the customer ---
1. perceive that that has degraded At the beginning
2. send A list to the Customer Service department
3. base on the outcome
4. create a trouble report
5. check whether there are any possible problems
If no problems are detected
	6a) create a notification
7. create
8a) either trouble report
8b) include the normal execution notification in a status report
9. send out
10. report to Billing & Collections who will adjust the billing to Billing & Collections
11. send The report to her
12. complete the process ends within Customer Service
13. Event: the customer then receives the report about service performance and problem resolution from Customer Service


--- an employee ---
1. enter a problem report At the customer service
2. compare the problem report to the customer SLA
3. identify what the extent and the details of the service degradation are
4. determine the necessary counter measures including their respective priorities


--- An electronic service ---
1. determine the significance
If the customer is premium
	2a) link to an extra problem fix process
If the customer is of certain significance which would affect the counter measures previously decided upon
	3a) go


--- the process ---
1. reprioritize these measures
2. continue
3. reprioritize these measures
4. continue
5. take together the information ( i.e. contract commitment data + prioritized actions )
6. create a detailed problem report
7. send The detailed problem report to Service Management
8. end
If that automatic resource restoration from Resource Provisioning is required
	9a.1 create a request
	9a.2 happen within 2 days
	9a.3 wait for a restoration request
	9a.4 been on - hold on hold
	9a.5 send This message to Resource Provisioning
Else
	9b) terminate the process
10. end
11. end


--- Service Management ---
1. deal on a first level
2. investigate whether the problem is analyzable at the level of . or whether the problem may be located at Resource Provisioning
If Service Management assesses the problem to be not analyzable by themselves
	3a) send the detailed problem report to Resource Provisioning
If Service Management is sure they can analyze it
	4a) perform the analysis
5. prepare the final status report
6. create the problem resolution report
7. send to Customer Service
8. receive The trouble-shooting report


--- Resource Provisioning ---
1. Event: Resource Provisioning receives the detailed problem report
2. Event: the restoration request is received
3. track all possible errors
4. undertake all necessary corrective actions
5. create a trouble-shooting report


--- happen ---
1. have to be determined what counter measures should be taken depending on the information in the final status report
2. take Three alternative process paths
If that no problem was detected at all
	3a) send the actual service performance
If that minor corrective actions are required
	4a) undertake corrective actions by themselves


--- this information ---
1. go into the creation
2. describe for ii for ii
3a) receive the actual service performance


